Since you come to work in a casino, don't pretend to be a legend there
Master Luo is the heir of the Luo family in Qingcheng
From now on, the entire casino will be his
He can adjust it himself
I have known you for eight lifetimes, Mrs. Cultivation
Take off a piece for you 100,000
200,000
500,000
Brother Zhong, if he doesn't take it off, I will take it off.
As long as you say a word
You can let me take off a few pieces.
Go away what are you
Can't get into my eyes
Kind of interesting.
New here, right?
I'll add 500,000
I want it tonight.
What are you bastards?
How dare you take Liang for prosperity
Not you who?
Do you know what this place is?
Where did the crazy woman come from?
Get out of here
Don't bother here.
Master Feng and Master Luo's courage, hurry up and get out
It's okay if you don't know me
Do you know Liu Jun?
Who are you?
Gui Qian Wuzang
Do you know?
You two give it to me
Whoever he is
Everyone else gets out of here alive